Capstone 2 Proposal 
Stock Market Investment Simulation with social media.

Features: Live updated stock ticker board displaying price of user’s favorited stocks 
and current stocks invested in. Invest in stock, play options, search stock, edit account 
info, authentication/authorization. Graph of stock tickers daily history at intervals of 
daily for past month, weekly for past 6 months, and monthly for past year. Account ,edit 
account, profile page. Search for investors by name, username and friend request. See 
number of users invested and see whos invested in it.

Tech: React, Redux, Express, Node 

Focus: Front-end and Back-end

This will be a mobile-friendly web application for pretending to invest in the stock 
market. Users can search stocks by company name or stock ticker or industry to view 
history of the stocks performance. Each user is provided with $15k of fake money to 
purchase stock. Users can sell their stock or list it for a trade that can be accepted 
by another user. Users can request to follow each other and see each others portfolio. 
Users can make posts, comment, like, dislike. Users can also play options where the 
objective is to guess if the stock price will be above or below a predicted price after 
a given period of time.

Goals: Demonstrate strong skills in Javascript Front-end and Back-end development

Audience: Interested in playing the stock market in a social learning environment

Data: The data will be initialized from a list. As users search for stock that isn’t in the db, the db will grow. The chosen Api is Alpha Vantage which is a free api that is rate limited to 500 calls per day and 5 calls per minute. There will be a backup Api finnhub.io that rate limits at 60 calls per minute. 

Project Outline:
	Schema: See DB_Design.txt in this project folder
	Api Issues: Switching between Apis. Rate Limits
	Sensitive Data: Passwords
	Functionality: Single page web-app, state managed by redux, authentication, authorization, bcrypt protected passwords, JWT, protected routes.
	User Flow: See this link https://docs.google.com/drawings/d/1Ef0yJ3UHY0RXpGWC3dKriJmk-ZnHKnof4poj3sdv1ew/edit?usp=sharing
